Project specification
APRO1

Please, prepare the project accordingly:

A Project topic
1) The project topic can be selected freely based on personal interests and previous 
experience. 

2) The project topic can be changed during the semester

B Content
1) The project should demonstrate the command of object-oriented programming 
using concepts such as inheritance, polymorphism, encapsulation etc.
2) The project should declare at least 10 specific classes
3) The preferred programming languages are c# and JAVA but other 
programming languages can also be used.
4) The project should apply at least one selected design pattern.
5) The project should ensure data persistence (File, DB, etc.) 
6) The project should appropriately apply error handling using exceptions

C Code
1) The code should be well structured using appropriate programming techniques 
2) The code should follow any relevant conventions based on the selected 
programming language.
3) The code should be readable using consistent naming rules
4) The code should be appropriately commented where relevant

D Technical documentation 
1) The code should be accompanied with technical documentation 
2) The documentation should include brief description of the project. 
3) The documentation should include class diagram and other relevant diagrams 
4) The documentation should include details of how the design pattern was 
implemented
5) Do not include generated documentation comments such as Javadoc

E Use of AI
1) You are welcome to use LLMs to generate specific parts of the code provided 
you understand the generated part and the part is skilfully incorporated to the 
rest of the code. 
2) Do not use LLMs to generate the complete solution.
3) You are welcome to use LLMs to generate parts of the technical 
documentation

F Structure of the project files
1) Structure appropriately the project files into folders. 
2) Submitt project files (source code and documentation) in one zip file
3) Submit using mail based on instructions. 